Selecting transcript lines in this section will navigate to timestamp in the video

- Well there you go. HTML is an incredibly important part of the web. If you use the right HTML element for the right job, you start from a place of great strength. Making your project understandable to voice interfaces, search engines, social media. Using the power that's built right into the browser for a variety of devices and users. You're using the power of the web as it's designed. There's more to know about HTML. Especially as the language slowly continues to evolve. And there's many great resources out there for finding out more about HTML. Or more importantly, for quickly looking up something that you sort of remember but you totally can't quite remember the details. MDN Web Docs is a fantastic place to find authoritative reference documentation. It's kind of like looking up things in a dictionary. MDN describes each element, each attribute, what it's for, how to write the code. It has code examples, browser support charts, and links to where you can find that particular technology in a specification. There's also a lot of great advice on MDN about how to best combine HTML elements for particular use cases. Particular kinds of content. The canonical source of truth about any web technology is the specification. The web standard document from which that tech came. The web and all of its parts, HTTP, URL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, each of these technologies exist because a group of people collaborated on a plan for that technology. Representatives from all the browser makers, plus many others, connect and work in groups to discuss and debate what each language could or should do. Their decisions are written up in official documents called specifications. And those specifications are closely followed as directions when browser engineers go to add a new feature to their browser. This process is what people mean when they talk about web standards. The way that browsers do something is standardized in an official doc. That way, it's the same across every browser. The HTML specification was most recently numbered version five. Maybe you've heard of HTML5. That basically means HTML at version five. There was an HTML3, HTML4. It's a bit unclear whether there'll be an HTML6. Some people say no, let's drop the version numbers and just have a slowly changing specification that doesn't have a number. We'll just call it The Living Standard. It's alive, it's always changing. I wouldn't be surprised if eventually in sometime in the future, maybe a long time from now eventually someone will want to declare HTML6. But meanwhile, HTML The Living Standard is the current version of HTML. And whatever is written in that document is a source of truth about HTML. You can read the specification. In fact, there's a special copy of it that's been simplified and formatted especially for designers and developers to read. Leaving out some of the super extra nerdy parts that only browser engineers need. I'd also recommend putting some time into learning more about ARIA and accessibility in general. A great place to start is with the WCAG guidelines. W-C-A-G or Web Content Accessibility Guidelines. It's the official W3C spec on accessibility best practices. You can read the WCAG spec. Or you can search for WCAG or ARIA to find more resources. I also recommend getting into CSS. Knowing both HTML and CSS makes for a powerful combination. HTML doesn't change very often, so knowing these essential foundations will set you up for a long time to come. Don't worry about trying to memorize everything. You'll forget things, we all do. Just look it up when it's needed. Don't be afraid to realize you aren't sure which element to use or can't remember what an attribute's called. Search the web, look it up. Then get it right. Your projects will be better for it. And your users will thank you.
  Give feedback

Where can you find the authoritative standard for HTML?
=>the Living Standard
This is the authoritative document published by WHATWG.
